In the Pet Clinic Project I've created a
couple tests with help-wanted and in
this video we are going to go ahead and
review a contribution that George has
made here. You can see that I have
the issue up here on number 68. George
push to commit to that and I'm going to
come over to the pull request. Let's
come in and take a look at this fix for
number 68 from George. It's actually got
three of them. I'm going to do each in a
separate video. We can see that we're
doing a test for an empty owner on
search submit. We want to make sure that
is there. So I can come here. I'm clicking
on files changed.
We can see here he just went in and
added in single test for it and that
looks fine. We are setting up Mockito and
then using MockMvc to run the test. So
exactly what we want. So I am going to
come back over here and I can say merge
this. So I can do this right from GitHub.
Merge that in and we can see that this
has now been merged into the
main branch so or the master branch. So
you can see that this commit was
merged into a springframeworkguru
:master. Now to get that, I need to
come over here into IntelliJ. If I
do right click I come down to Git
and I can do a pull. That is going to
pull down that change to my local
repository.
We can see that this is run.
One handy feature that we can do within
IntelliJ
so we can come in here and right click
on that and say show differences. And of
course it opens up on my other window.
But now very similar to the diff,  I can
see exactly what was changed from
pulling down the code from GitHub. So we
can see that we now have another test
there. So I am going to call that good.
We'll just go ahead and make sure that
our test run.
Double check that everything runs
locally.
And see that all our tests are still
passing. So I'm going to call that good
and now come over here.
That is completed. I come to
this.
You can see that now GitHub is showing the
merge that I did and I can just go ahead
and close out the issue saying that this
is now closed.